 				Presenting
			Castlestein 3D for Wolf3D
				Version 1.1

October 1998

INDEX-
_What's new
_Description
_Documentation
_The levels
_Email notification

__What's new_______________________________________________________________
In the description section, it talks about the first two levels not having 
floor files.  They have been added in this version.  Also, the "disappearing
guard syndrome" has been corrected where it has previously been a problem.
Also, in a few of the levels, some of the secret doors wouldn't open all of
the way, making it impossible to get all of the bonuses and (in some cases)
not even being able to finish the level because of not getting the keys to 
the locked doors.  Also, some design problems were worked out.  All in all,
this makes Castlestein a little more fun to play.

__Description______________________________________________________________
Well, all of you shareware owning Wolfenstein players!  Here's a brand new
set of Wolfenstein levels for you to enjoy!  I hope you like them.  I tried
to make them have the feel of the original game.  I tried to stick with the
methods the game designers had when making the maps.  As you can see (es-
pecially in the secret level and Floor 8), I did try to diversify a little
bit.  Also, I didn't figure out the secret of laying down floor files until
I had already finished the first two levels.  Anotherwords, after the first
shot you shoot, every guard in the level hears you.  After Level 2, however,
everything is OK. I might correct it after I finish making my levels for the
registered game (and by the way, if you are looking to pirate it, I maybe 
found web sites that have the registered version for you to download, but I
wouldn't know - I'm just guessing ;)

Anyway, thank you Apogee for making a truly awesome game.

ROCK ON!

Sincerely,
Daniel


__Documentation____________________________________________________________
Unzip these files into your Wolfenstein shareware directory.  The files are
called maphead.cst gamemaps.cst.  At the DOS prompt, type in "castle" to 
play the new levels.  To restore the old ones, type in "restore".


__The Levels_______________________________________________________________
Here's a small description for you of the interesting levels.

Level 1 - You've just come on the elevator from solitary confinement.  You
are in Castlestein a Nazi castle named by a guy that has no imagination
whatsoever.  It's your job to escape, killing anything that stops you.  HAHA!
I bet you like your life! You have to get out of here and fast.

Level 4 - The MOST DIFFICULT LEVEL! (maybe - you could make an argument for
level eight) I had to scale back the size of the thing, and take away guards.
There are three or four secret doors.

Level 8 - Two words: OPEN SEASON! (I hope you have a chain gun)

Level 10 (secret level) - A few more words: OPEN SEASON, PART TWO!


__Please register these with me!___________________________________________
While these downloads are ABSOLUTELY FREE, I would like to get an email from
you if you've downloaded them.  Drop me a little note once you have the new
levels.  I want to see how many people are playing them. (to play them is to 
like them!)  Also, if a new version comes out, I will be able to give you the
new version.

Questions? Comments? Praise for the great levels? Need a new version?
danielpatterson (at) hotmail.com

Visit my Web site at http://www.geocities.com/SoHo/Square/2032

or my soon to be Wolfenstein site at 
(GOD KNOWS WHERE!)
go to the address above and there will be a link there.
