THE "BLAKE STONE: ALIENS OF GOLD" ON-DISK HINT SHEET ŰŰ˛˛±±°°

                   Copyright 1993 Apogee Software Productions
        P.O. Box 496389 ţ Garland, TX 75049 ţ Hints line: (214) 278-5655

                     Game designed by JAM Productions, Inc.


                          =======================
                          VERSIONS OF BLAKE STONE
                          =======================

There are two versions of mission one of Blake Stone.  One is a shareware
version, and the other is 'Commercial'.  The shareware version is the one
Apogee releases to the public for review, and is the one you're free to pass
around to friends.  The commercial version is not publicly available.

Missions two through six of Blake Stone only have a commercial version, and
therefore may never be passed around freely.  These other five missions can
only be sold by Apogee or authorized dealers.  All versions are clearly marked.


                    ==================================
                    INSTALLING AND PLAYING BLAKE STONE
                    ==================================

Attempting to install the commercial version of the game on top of the
shareware version will cause problems with the proper operation of the game.
Please make sure to remove the shareware episode before installing the
commercial version.  Please note that any save games you may have from the
shareware version will not be compatible with the registered version.

You must first install each of the six volumes before playing.  Place disk one
in the appropriate disk drive.  Select that drive from the DOS prompt.  Type
"INSTALL" and press the <ENTER> key.  The installation program will prompt for
the drive and then for the directory into which the software will be copied.
Press <ENTER> to accept the defaults or type the destination of your choice.
The installation program for multiple disk sets will prompt for additional
disks as needed.  After installation is complete, the six games may be played
by typing BSTONE from the game directory the game has been installed in.  There
is a game selecting menu inside Blake Stone to allow you to pick which episode
you wish to play.  Typing BSTONE will run a batch file, which in turn will run
the game for you.  We strongly recommend running the game from the batch file.
The reason for that is because the batch file will run an error program in the
unlikely event that you might have a problem with the game.  The error program
will give you and Apogee much more information if you need to report a problem.

If you experience any trouble playing Blake Stone, please consult the On-Disk
Technical Support file.  This may be executed by entering BS-HELP from your
game directory.  When you originally installed the game, this file was placed
in your game directory.  If you have removed it, you can find it on Disk 1 of
your original diskette(s) from Apogee.

There are very detailed instructions on how to play the game and what keys
you need to use in order to control the game in the Blake Stone Instruction
Manual that comes with the game.  Please consult pages 16 through 18 of the
manual for detailed information on the keys, or page 26 for just a summary.


                               ==================
                               GENERAL GAME HINTS
                               ==================

 ţ Use the save/load game feature often to get past the tough areas.

 ţ If you get lost, remember to use the built in automapping feature!  You
   can activate the map by pressing [TAB] at any time during game play.  The
   map will also show up if you enter the elevator and activate it's control
   panel.  The legend for the map is in your Blake Stone Instruction Manual
   that came with the game on Page 21.

 ţ Shoot PerScan Drones and VT's from a distance.  If you are too close to them
   when they explode, they can damage or even kill you.

 ţ Use PerScan Drones and VT's to do damage to opponents that are near them.

 ţ Don't blow-up PerScan Drones or VT's around hibernating aliens. The
   explosion will release them.

 ţ Don't use Plasma Discharge Unit around hibernating aliens.  This can be a
   general wake-up call.

 ţ Shoot at crates with the Slow Fire Protector to conserve ammo.

 ţ When entering rooms through doors, a good strategy is to open the door,
   quickly enter, and then back out.  This will "alert" any potential guard or
   enemy, and will give you a chance to blast him first.

 ţ Interrogate all Bio-Techs at least three times. The first time he'll give
   you a clue; the second time he'll give you ammo; the third time he'll give
   you a food token.  Please note that if you already have a maximum charge or
   25 Food Tokens, the Bio-Tech will not give you any more.

 ţ Use the Plasma Discharge Unit to kill opponents around corners, and in some
   cases, on the other side of the wall!

 ţ When shooting an opponent with one of the larger weapons, back away from him
   while shooting. This will keep you at a safer distance and allow more hits
   to wear him down.

 ţ When fighting opponents that "spit" at you, keep moving side to side.  You
   can avoid some of the shots from hitting you by dodging them.

 ţ Try and destroy the ceiling turrets as quickly as possible when you see
   them, before they can lock-on to you and start firing.

 ţ Kill "spitting" aliens that are locked behind arcs or barriers before
   switching the arc off.  The arc will provide you with protection.  You can
   fire at what's behind them, but "spitting" aliens can't get you.

 ţ Only shoot at the "Fluid Aliens" when they are standing up and attacking.
   Shooting at them when they're in a liquid form on the floor will be a waste
   of ammo, since you can't damage them in that state.

 ţ Don't hang around in rooms with electric sockets on the walls. The Plasma
   Aliens will just keep coming out and will not stop until you are dead.

 ţ Don't shoot any informants and you will be well rewarded!

 ţ Try and find ALL of the loot, high scores receive extra bonuses!!

 ţ Some "pushable" areas may require more than one push.

 ţ Watch out for "ooze" on the floor, it can do damage to you if you stand in
   it for too long a period.

 ţ If you get low on health and ammo and the end looks near, remember you can
   always go back to previously played floors and retrieve items you may have
   left there.

 ţ Use the Slow Fire Protector to destroy Plasma Spheres.

 ţ Barriers and Arcs can be used to destroy aliens.  If an alien is moving over
   a barrier or an arc at the time you turn the power on, they will be caught
   in the current and die.


                             =================
                             SECRET CHEAT KEYS
                             =================

There is an option cheat mode built into Blake Stone, which allows the game to
be completed much easier.  To activate this cheat, TYPE the following sequence
of letters.  You must do these one at a time.  [J] [A] [M] [Enter].  Once you
have done this, you will receive full ammo, full health, all weapons, and all
the access cards.  However, it also takes your score to zero.

This may be used as many times as you like.  However, this only works for the
registered version.  The shareware episode has no cheats built into it at all.


                      ====================================
                      ADDITIONAL HINTS & TECHNICAL SUPPORT
                      ====================================

As a registered user of Blake Stone, you are welcome to contact our Technical
Support and Hints Department for any assistance required. Technical support and
hints may be received by phoning (214) 278-5655, Monday through Friday, between
8:00 a.m. and 6:00 pm Central Standard Time or writing to Apogee Software at
P.O. Box 496389, Garland, TX 75049-6389.  Technical Support can also be reached
via fax at (214) 278-5655.  The fax machine is operational 24 hours a day, but
Technical Support is only in the offices during the hours mentioned above.

To assist us in providing you with faster service, please be at your computer
system when calling.  Written inquiries should include your order number,
system type and accessories, and any 'terminate and stay resident' (TSR)
programs you happen to be running.

Please do not call the 800 line for technical support or game hints as this
information will not be given there.

Furthermore, there is a file that was included with your Blake Stone game
disks that contains some basic technical support.  This file is BS-HELP.EXE.
If you are having difficulty executing Blake Stone once it has been installed,
you might wish to consult this file before calling Apogee.  This file contains
solutions to some of the most common problems that our customers encounter when
executing our programs.


                       =================================
                       PLEASE DON'T PIRATE THIS SOFTWARE
                       =================================

The program you're using was produced through the efforts of many people.  It
was created by talented artists, designers, programmers, and musicians.
Everyone along the line, from the programmer to the distributor who sold you
the program relies on sales of the program for their living.  This game is
protected by federal and international copyright.

Help preserve jobs by honoring the copyright of this program.  Don't make
illegal copies for others who have not paid for the right to use this software.
Please report copyright violations to the Software Publishers Association.
Their toll-free anti-piracy phone number is 1-800-388-PIR8.  You can also write
to them at:
                        Software Publisher's Association
                                   Suite 901
                           1103 Connecticut Avenue NW
                              Washington, DC 20036


                               ==================
                               THANKS FROM APOGEE
                               ==================

A sincere thanks for purchasing this software package.  Much time, effort, and
expense goes into the development of our software, and your support helps
ensure that we will be able to continue bringing you high quality, enjoyable
software.   Enjoy the game!

[ END OF FILE ]