****** ENIGMA'S NIGHTMARE ****** Alternate maps for shareware version of
                                 WOLFENSTEIN 3D (1WOLF12.*)

The files contained in this archive are NOT COMPRESSED. If you re-compress the
files with any archiver, ZIP, LZH, ARJ or whatever, the files WILL NOT work.
If you choose to re-package these files be sure to do it in such a way so as
not to compress them in any way while merely storing them in an archive.

If you install these maps and just as the episode starts to run the machine
locks up on a blank screen, what's happened is that somewhere down the line
somebody has used an archiver to actually compress these files.  That means
that WOLF3D will not read them and they are useless.  Toss 'em (after running
DESTLR.EXE to reconstruct your original map files, more on this later).

You'll need at least 2 megs of memory to run these maps (although you might
wish to upgrade to 4 megs just to be safe).  If you run out of memory, remove
any TSRs you may have running, load DOS high, and try it again.

These files are meant to be used with the SHAREWARE VERSION OF WOLFENSTEIN-3D
VERSION 1.2 ONLY.  If you try to use it with the commercial version YOU WILL
DESTROY YOUR ORIGINAL WOLF MAP FILES!

INSTRUCTIONS:  These files have a BAK extension.  This is so they will not try
to overwrite the map files which came with your original game.  Read on for
the reasons behind this......

FIRST: Unpack this archive in the same directory where you keep your shareware
version 1.2 of WOLF3D.

SECONDLY: Run the INSTLR.EXE file.  This will rename your original map files
with a BUP extension, and then copy the BAK files to the WL1 extensions they
need to work with your game.  NOTE: to put your game back the way it was, run
the DESTLR.EXE file.  This will delete all WL1 files created by the INSTLR.EXE
program and then rename the BUP back to what they are supposed to be to work
with the game.  By running INSTLR.EXE or DESTLR.EXE, you can toggle the game
from the original maps to these NIGHTMARE maps and back again at will.

A WORD OF CAUTION:  Make careful note of the games you've saved while running
the original version of WOLF3D and the ones you save while using these new map
files.  NEVER try running saved games you've saved with one map version while
running the other map version.  I don't know exactly what will happen, but it
IT WON'T BE GOOD and is best not to try it.  Put a -NM on the end of every
NIGHTMARE saved game so you can tell 'em apart.

THIRDLY: Start the game.  This version of NIGHTMARE is already configured for
the best window size.

FOURTH: Start the WOLF3D episode, then, drop your rocks, pull up your socks &
GRAB YOUR SANITY.  You're in for the ride of your life!  These maps resemble
the original maps to a certain degree, but they are NOT the mundane originals!
You'll run into more guards, more treasure, more secret panels and rooms than
ever before!  You'll even be able to get a BIG CHAINGUN while still on level
one.  Why?  Because YOU'LL NEED IT!   You're gonna need to be a real Bad Boy
to get through THIS mess!

If you like heart stopping WOLF3D adventure you'll love ENIGMA'S NIGHTMARE!

ENIGMA'S HINT:  Not many know it but there is a secret 10th level in the
                shareware version of WOLF3D.  NIGHTMARE also has this
                level.  To get there, get to the up elevator on level 1.
                Before you go barging into the elevator to go to level 2,
                search the elevator room walls for a secret panel.  When
                you open it, search the interior of the secret room for
                yet another secret panel.  This one opens into a second
                elevator room.  That elevator takes you to level 10 and
                when you get through that level you get thousands of bonus
                points!  Then you return to level 2 when you use the level
                10 elevator.

                Be sure to check the second elevator room on level 1
                for secrets before you ride up to 10.  And if you're
                playing the NIGHTMARE maps, I wouldn't go up there
                unless you have the big gun and gobs of ammo, unless
                you're feeling REAL mean!

ALSO, if you like the shareware version of Wolfenstein, you might register and
try the entire game...you'll love it, and the game authors at ID will love you
for your support!  The commercial version is so good, NIGHTMARE is nothing in
comparison to it.

ENJOY!  ENIGMA-13
