{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9540\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 About Nexus\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Nexus is a slightly unusual Wolfenstein scenario. Unlike a more standard scenario, your goal isn't just to find a lift that will take you to the next level. Indeed, Nexus has several exits, most of which are easy to find, and all of which are fully functional. But all but one of these lifts loop you back to the beginning of the level!\
\
Your goal is to find the real lift. Only one lift panel will break you out of the loop, and send you to the Victory screen. But that lift is carefully hidden.\
\
Nexus is divided into four quadrants. Each quadrant is designed to be a pastiche of a different scenario by the designer Laz Rojas. The aim is not just to make the quadrants look like these scenarios but, through careful attention to design and layout, to really make them feel like the scenarios they're based on. The aim is to make each quadrant feel like you're stepping into one of those scenarios briefly, playing through material that could have been designed by Laz himself! I'd like to think I've gone a little way towards that goal.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 \ul Hints\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone If you're not sure how to move at the start of the level, here's a hint from Clubey:\
\
"Sometimes a single mouse can be more of an ally than whole prides of lions!"\
\
In other words, don't use your keyboard. Give a quick nudge of the mouse instead! The player moves slightly faster when moved by the mouse, and this gives the player enough momentum to escape the starting position. Which direction you move chooses which path you'll play, though. So choose wisely! Or just give the mouse a spin and see what you end up with!\
\
You can win regardless of which direction you start out on, although some routes are easier than others. It's even possible to win without fighting a single boss, but it's difficult!\
\
You can use the looping nature of Nexus to your advantage. Don't be afraid to use the looping lifts to reset the level. While this will reset the enemies, this will also reset the ammo and health caches. You can use this to build up your supplies if you need to tackle nastier enemies!\
\
Nexus uses up a lot of the map, and not much space is wasted. If you see a spot on the map that looks like it is unused, do a scout around for secrets! You might just find a way in!\
\
All rooms hidden behind impassable objects can be explored. Use this to guide your explorations!\
\
In order to fully explore the level, you'll need to find a number of secrets. Don't be concerned, though! All of these are marked. Secrets required to finish the level are indicated by special wall or object markings. But some special secrets leading to bonus caches are instead indicated by the map geography. Keep your eyes open!\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 \ul Credits and Dedication\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Nexus is dedicated to Laz Rojas, an inspirational designer who consistently came up with interesting, engaging and creative works. Through a number of interesting discussions, he also gave me insight into the history of Mac Wolfenstein and the development of the community, for which I am grateful.\
\
If you've not played Laz's scenarios, do give them a try. You won't be disappointed! Do an internet search to find his website!\
\
Sections of Nexus were inspired by the following scenarios, all by Laz, and use graphics taken from them:\
\
Hitler's Graveyard\
Astrostein\
Amerika the Beautiful\
Die, Himmler, Die!\
\
If you're wondering why I haven't ported over the sounds, this is because of the condensed nature of Nexus. Many sounds in Wolfenstein have multiple uses, so changing sounds to make one quadrant sound good would mess up the sounds in the other quadrants! In the end, I decided to stick with the original sounds, since I think these give the best experience across all four quadrants.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 \ul The Designer\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone For more information about this scenario, along with other scenarios and information about Mac Wolfenstein and its history, do feel free to contact the designer, Dermuda. Dermuda can be found at the following address:\
\
nebogipfel@hotmail.com}