------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               Rise of the Triad, (c) Apogee Software 1994
                          The Unofficial FAQ
                       Pre-Release version 1.0
                        Written: August, 1994
            Written by: Rylan Hilman (rhi...@oasis.rain.com)
                "Rise of the Triad: Weapons so powerful,
                    they blow you out of the game!"
                                               - Joe Siegler, Apogee Software
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

+==========+
|Disclaimer|
+==========+

  This is the (F)requently (A)sked (Q)uestions file for Rise of the Triad, the
upcoming 3D action game by Apogee Software. So if you read any of this, and
something bad happens to you that's related to this FAQ, I didn't do it(except
if I really DID do it, then I'll tell you personally). If anybody is offended,
go talk with Apogee. Remember, as of now, Apogee Software is NOT actively
involved in making this FAQ. So, to finish up, if it's a question about the
FAQ, ask me. If it's a question about R.o.t.T. that is not answered in this
FAQ, send e-mail(Internet) to joe.s...@swcbbs.com(Joe Siegler, Apogee
Software).


+==============+
|Trademark info|
+==============+

        Some trademarks in the following piece of work are: Rise of the Triad,
Apogee, Wolfenstein 3D, DOOM, iD, Gravis UltraSound, Advanced Gravis,
SoundBlaster, Creative Labs, Pro Audio Spectrum, WaveBlaster, AdLib, Soundman,
Maui, Roland, Disney SoundSource, Disney, IBM, MS-DOS, Microsoft, Commander
Keen, Hank Leukart, The "Official" DOOM FAQ, Dark Forces, and Blake Stone.
These trademarks I will NOT take any credit for, and they belong to the
people who have made these products/companies possible. If I missed any, they
are also hypothetically acknowledged(to borrow a term from Hank :).


+==============+
|Copyright Info|
+==============+

  Did you think there would be something here? This is version 1.0! No
copyright, but, I would like you to please treat this version with care, and
only machine wash with cold water in paper format only. And if it clogs up
your washing machine or dryer or whatever you run your laundry through, I
didn't do it. (BTW, I would not recommend machine washing at all, unless you
REALLY need to. And I am against throwing your computer into the washing
machine(or dryer, etc etc etc....) with this file on the screen, and if you
do, I didn't do it.)
  BTW, if you didn't understand, everything between "but, I would" and the
beginning of this sentence, is a joke. If you thought it wasn't a joke, and
something bad happens to you, I didn't do it.


+=================+
|Table of Contents|
+=================+


KEY:

{Ch??} is a chapter number, usually at the beginning of a chapter
{??-??} is {Chapter number-section number}
{??-??-??} is {Chapter number-section number-minisection number}
You should be able to figure the rest out(you intelligent person you :)


{Ch1} - Introduction to this FAQ.

        {1-1} - A message from the author
        {1-2} - What IS Rise of the Triad?
        {1-3} - What makes it different from DOOM?
        {1-4} - Who makes RotT?
        {1-5} - When is it coming out?        
        {1-6} - How much is it?
        {1-7} - How can you order it?
        {1-8} - Where will it be?

{Ch2} - Features of RotT

        {2-1} - Game Story
        {2-2} - Features
        {2-3} - Slide Show

{Ch3} - Conclusion

        {3-1} - Author's note
        {3-2} - Contributions
        {3-3} - Version info


/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\//\/\/\/\//\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\


 - Chapter 1

+========================+
|Introduction to this FAQ|
+========================+

--


{1-1} - A message from the author


   Okay. I wrote this FAQ because I wanted to. I took inspiration from Hank
Leukart's "Official" DOOM FAQ(you may have noticed already). I haven't gotten
in touch with Mr. Leukart to see if it's okay I borrow his outline style(but
I'm just guessing it's okay. If Hank tells me no, then it will change for the
next version). Although.....I fail to see why he would object. After all, I'm
not copying his FAQ word for word, but just getting a little structure to base
this FAQ on.
   Now that that's over, back to the thing at hand. I've been waiting for a
game like this to come out. This is the first one of these 3D games coming out
that has a violence level control(all of the people who shied away from Wolf3D
and Doom because of the violence factor all cheer(yay!)). A lot of people
played Doom or Wolf3D once and didn't any more because they were just too.....
..too......intense. Now, here comes Rise of the Triad. You can turn down the
violence to make it digestable to kids, and others,or, you can put it to max,
and act......act......intense. :) This game is, admittedly, inferior to DOOM
in some aspects, primarily because it was made by Apogee as a sequel to Wolf,
not DOOM, but, it is superior in some aspects. I will explain all these
aspects later in the FAQ.

--


    {1-2} - What IS Rise of the Triad?


  Rise of the Triad is Apogee's newest 3D action game(so new, it isn't even
out yet!). Instead of some of Apogee's other programs, where you see your
character on the screen and see a portion of the screen centered around
him/her, in RotT, you see through the eyes of your character! Your weapon is
at the bottom of the screen, and what your character sees, you see. You can
turn around and look behind you, or look up and down(up to 40 degrees either
way) Pushing forward makes your character go forward, pushing back makes
him/her go backwards. With mastery, your character can drive around to exactly
where you want him/her to go(BTW, you notice I'm saying him/her a lot, that's
because in this game, your character can be a boy or girl of different ethnic
backgrounds(five chracters to choose from).

--


    {1-3} - What makes it different from DOOM?


  Well, since it's based off of Wolfenstien and Blake, and not Doom, the walls
are all 90 degrees to each other(awwww), but just because you have to have
square walls doesn't automatically make the game boring, because(and don't
quote me on this) judging from the pictures in the slide show(more on that
later), there are multiple stories on top of each other(*GASP!*), something
that was impossible to do in DOOM(well, you could fake it nicely...). Other
things are hazards. In DOOM, hazards consisted of crushing ceilings or ooze
pits that drained health. In RoT(I'm shortening the acronym down for the rest
of the FAQ for brevity) there are 15 types of hazards, only 5 have been named
to the public as of now. They are: SpinBlades, FireChutes, FireJets, PitTraps,
and LavaWalls. Don't ask me what each one does, because I don't know. All I
know is that these are five, and there are 10 more. Also, in RoT, instead of
using iD's method of digitizing clay models, Apogee decided to film live
characters for all of their positions(partly because in RoT, your enemies are
humans). The result makes it look far better than Blake Stone's or Wolf's
characters, which are drawn.

--


    {1-4} - Who makes RotT?


  Rise of the Triad is being made by Apogee Software, who distributed some of
iD's games, including the Commander Keen series(yes, it's shocking. Commander
Keen is an iD game!). Although Apogee has distributed iD games in the past,
many of it's programs are made by Apogee. Doom is (to my knowledge) one of the
first iD games distributed by iD.

--


    {1-5} - When is it coming out?


  Apogee expects it to be ready by October 1994, around the time for release
of Doom II and Dark Forces. So it will have ready-made competition. Isn't that
nice? :)

--


    {1-6} - How much is it?


  The price for it will be $34.95 plus $5 shipping and handling(if they don't
change their shipping policies between now and then)  I don't have the full
shipping paper here, but that's what Joe Siegler told me. And, no, Apogee
will not accept pre-orders. They used to in the past, but they have
discontinued since then. The earliest you can order is when it hits the open
markets(i.e. at Software Creations BBS, their home BBS)

--


    {1-7} - How can you order it?


  As I said above, you can order it when it's out, and not before. But, for
those of you who want to be ready to grab it as soon as it comes out, here is
the order info:


Ordering and support:
   * 1-800-GAME-123 to order 24 hours a day.
   * 214-278-5655 for technical support on any game. (8AM-6PM CST M-F)
   * 214-278-4670 to FAX your order(ORDER.FRM) or inquiry.
   * Fill out ORDER.FRM and mail it to Apogee at:

Apogee Software
P.O. Box 496389
Garland, TX  75049

--


    {1-8} - Where will it be?


  This is from TRIAD.DOC, in the slide show preview file. And this is where
you can find any apogee game, not just RoT:


WHERE TO FIND APOGEE'S GAMES ONLINE
===================================
1. APOGEE'S HOME BBS:  THE SOFTWARE CREATIONS BBS

Software Creations BBS was recently voted North America's most popular BBS
by the readers of Boardwatch Magazine.  It was also featured on the TV show
Prime-Time Live in December 1993.  Apogee's releases are available here before
they're available anywhere else in the world!

To download any Apogee game, call one of the three numbers listed below.  Then,
look in the free Apogee file section, #1.  Type "F 1" to see a listing of the
files.  These are free downloads, and you do not need a membership.

   (508) 365-2359 -- 2400 baud                   Over 90 lines
   (508) 368-7036 -- 9600-14.4K v.32bis          available, and
   (508) 368-2032 -- 14.4-21K HST/DSv.32terbo    growing fast!
   (508) 365-4035 -- 28.8k v.fast class (v.fc)

2. America Online - Use the keyword "apogee" to go to our forum.

3. CompuServe - Type "go apogee" (at any ! prompt) to find Apogee's games.

4. Internet - Apogee's titles can be access via anonymous FTP at our official
              ftp site.   The site is "ftp.uml.edu", and the directory they can
              be found in is (case important) "msdos/Games/Apogee".

5. Exec-PC -  Apogee also has it's own free area on Exec-PC!  Exec-PC can be
              reached by dialing 1-414-789-4360.

6. Fidonet Filebone - If you are a Fidonet SysOp, you can now get Apogee's
                      games on the Fido filebone.  Talk to your local filebone
                      hub about the four Apogee areas (see FILEBONE.NO for more
                      information).


--


 - Chapter 2

+================+
|Features of RotT|
+================+


    {2-1} - Game story


  You are a member of the HUNT, the top secret High-risk United Nations
Taskforce, sent on extremely covert operations to possible trouble spots
outside the three-mile boundary waters of member countries.  You are on a
routine reconnaissance mission on San Nicolas Island, located in the Pacific
twenty miles west of Los Angeles.  Your team is investigating possible cult
activity in an old monastery, when suddenly troops pour out of nowhere!  

  In the distance your boat explodes.  Just before your radio goes all static,
you hear desperate newsmen describing the systematic destruction of Los
Angeles. An escaped prisoner informs you that a pyrotechnics expert and a
rich studio head have joined forces with the Oscurido cult.  Their plan:
kill millions of innocent people for the glory of their master, El Oscuro.
Having no other escape route, the HUNT heads into the monastery, taking the
only course of action left: stop the Oscuridos or die trying.


--


    {2-2} - Features

 
  Now we get to the fun stuff. :) I will add my own commentary, and this is
also from the slide shoew preview file TRIAD.DOC(I know, I know, if you don't
have it, I'll point you to it soon). Anything with an: o  (text here) is from
the TRIAD.DOC which I got this info from. Anything with an: - (text here) is
my commentary.


FEATURES
========
o  Four cool bosses with intelligence, reactions, devious abilities,
   and up to four stages!

- Of course, you only get one boss in the shareware version.

o  Over thirty levels of death, mayhem, chaos, terror, and so on

- There are 32 levels, but(and I guessing) there are only 8 in the shareware
edition(which, for those who don't understand what shareware edition means
yet, it usually refers to the free part of the game)

o  Ten unique, real digitized actors

- Including secret agent-type guys in white coats, and monks(not REGULAR
monks, bad monks :)

o  Nine wicked weapons, including the massively destructive Firebomb and
   Flamewall

- My guess on these weapons is that the Firebomb peppers the area with small
flame bursts, killing massive enemies. And my guess on the Flame wall is that
it shoots a blast ahead, dropping small flames as it goes.

o  Three words: really cool explosions (digitized)

- Like Raptor? Would be neat....

o  A rockin' soundtrack on all the major cards--featuring DigitalDrums
   (where available)
   Supports the following soundcards:
     Gravis UltraSound, All SoundBlasters, Pro Audio Spectrum, WaveBlaster,
     AdLib, SoundMan, Maui, Roland, Disney SoundSource, and many more.


- So almost every sound card will be supported, including Disney?! Wow.

o  Tons of secret areas, difficult puzzles, and mysterious bonuses

- Sounds like the normal 3D action genre.

o  Far-out features: Parallaxing sky, look up and down, fog,
   light diminishing, light sourcing, super save games

- You will be able to look up and down up to 40 degrees either direction. Fog
and light diminishing looks cool, same with light sourcing(is this gonna be
like Doom in where they just designate a sector and put the light level
higher, or will they do geniune raytracing(OOOOH, shadows!(maybe not)?)


o  Violence level adjustment, from low to excessive, with parental password

- "parental password"? It looks like the kids will be on this game!(cool! more
opponents!)

o  Choose from five characters--of different genders and races!

- In the slide show, four of them are featured:

White male: With blonde(I think) hair
White female: With red hair
Oriental(?) female: With dark hair
Black male: With dark hair
??????????: With ?????????


o  Brain-numbing Powerups like God Mode and the rare "Dog Mode"

- Dog mode! I wonder what type of dog? Cocker Spaniel? Great Dane(chew up
guards!!!)? Poodle? Anyway, it sounds like you shrink to the size of a little
dog. God mode is where you get big(I think).

o  Fifteen incredible hazards like SpinBlades, FireChutes, FireJets,
   PitTraps, and LavaWalls

- Referenced earlier. In the slide show, it looked like the SpinBlades are
spinning blades that hurt you(hmmm, where did I ever get THAT idea? :)

o  Hilarious jump pads add a new dimension to gameplay.  Fly through the air
   to reach new areas, collect bonuses or run away!

- Like in Cosmo or Jazz? (nah, these gotta be 3D pads, or on the floor as 2D)

o  Auto-tracking for shooting down at enemy from platforms and up at them
   as they fly off jump pads

- Like in Doom, where you just turn so the guy is above, below, or right in
front of you, and the bullet/shell/rocket/cell automatically aims.

o  Two player head-to-head action by modem or serial cable, with nine
   different battle modes, lots of battle options, and RemoteRidicule(tm)
   speech capability.  Don't taunt your enemy with simple text, let him HEAR
   what you think of that last battle!


- Sorry, Apogee will not include network play on this game. However, you can
get REALLY long serial cables and play across the office(assuming you play in
a place like Intel, where Dad works), or you can connect your home computers
with a shorter one. And no messy network drivers! (Just looking on the bright
side...)
  RemoteRidicule will require at least a microphone on your side and a sound
card on the other side(an up-to-date sound card, not an Adlib), although it's
cooler if both of you have microphones and sound cards. Still, this is a
promising aspect.

o  Twenty buddy-blasting Battle levels (in addition to the 32 normal levels)

- WOW! They're releasing their own Deathmatch levels! But, I'm assuming that
you get these levels with the registered version only, although Apogee might
be nice and release them with the shareware version.

o  Editor to be available so you can make your own battle levels

- COOL! We could be seeing a lot of new levels out!

o  Random level generator so there are always new battle levels to play

- It comes with it's own RanRotT? Neat!

o  Over TEN Megs of eye-poppin' graphics!

- That's a lot of graphics....

o  Over FOUR Megs of ear-poppin' sounds!

- 4 MEGS! How much stuff can they put in there? Your basic weapons fire, your
enemies' sounds, the music......yeah, I can see how they fill up that much
that fast, but still, that's as big as the shareware Doom wad!

o  The entire game is OVER 20 MEGS unzipped.  The largest shareware game ever!

- Many people have pointed out that Strike Commander with all accessories is
the largest commercial game ever, but THIS is shareware. :)


COOL STUFF TO DO
================
o  FALL OFF the edge of a level!

- AAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!! Do they mean fall off the edge of a building?
I would think so, because this is on Earth, and falling off a level would be
silly. :)

o  TOWER OVER little guards in God Mode!

- What guards? *splat* Oh, those ones....

o  SNEAK INTO secret rooms in Dog Mode!

- Guard1: Hey, where's that mutt going?
  Guard2: Let him go, he's not going to do anything...
  You: GRRRRRROOOOOWWWWWLLLL!!!! *snap* *snap* *chomp* *chomp*
  Guards 1 & 2: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!


o  BLOW UP almost EVERYTHING in the environment--including shattering windows!

- Blast a wall through! BOOM! OH NO! There's your modem opponent! RUN AWAY!
RUN AWAY! AAAH! He's got a FLAMEWALL!!! *WHHHHOOOOOSSSSHHHH* ow...Oh YEAH?!
Take this! (rocket launch) "aiiiiieeeee!!!!" I thought so!


  (sorry, getting carried away there. :)

o  PICK UP a 7-10 split of guards with the sadistic Split Missile!

- Strrrrrrrrrrrrrrrike!

o  ROCKET into the air off a jump pad, spin and shoot a heat-seeking missile at
   your buddy, who promptly juices in mid-air!  Fun!

- This could be promising......

o  WASTE countless hours of your precious time while you could be doing
   something constructive!

- But Doom was supposed to do that! Oh well.


--


    {2-3} - Slide show


  Well, I've referenced it throughout the FAQ. The slide show is available
wherever you can find Apogee games(see above). It is called 1ROTPIX.ZIP. When
you run it, you will get a "slide show" of 17 screen shots from the game. The
reason screen shots are out is because Apogee has finished the basic game
engine(it was mostly written from Wolf and Blake, and some from DOOM(I think))
and has started testing it to iron out bugs. Now, if you do have the slide
show, skip this next part and go down to Picture #1. If you don't have it,
go get it and come back here, I'll wait.

(time passes)


Ready? Okay, you should have this reference handy. Let's go:

Picture #1: This looks like an example of the "fog" condition. You have what
appears to be a rocket launcher, but in RoT, they use missles(all sorts of
them). The guard is digitized off a real actor(you can see it, can't you).
Yes, all the walls ARE 90 degrees to each other, but, you can't judge a game
by it's angles(although it IS nice with non-regular angles). It looks like
some sort of maze out there(I think).

Picture #2: OUCH! That's gotta hurt! Remember when I told you the basic game
engine was out? Well, the violence adjustment was one of the things still
being tested out. Oh well. You notice something? You have two guns! Sounds
kinda nice. "Two-Gun Hilman" Seeya on IHHD. :)

Picture #3: Looks like the Wolf3D rifle. See those SpinBlades? I wonder what
that would look like with violence level low?

Picture #4: Spears? Do they spin or anything? These look like more than plain
decorations, although they could be. Anyway, you see the 3-story buildings in
the background. My reasoning is: Why put windows where you can't be? And at
regular vertical intervals? And if you can be there, that means that this
is true 3D, where things can be on top of each other..... This also means
possibilities for bridges, tunnels, elevators, office buildings.... :)

Picture #5: Super Save Games.....14 slots, though. It's kinda nice to be able
to see where you're going to be dumped back into the game. In some Doom save
games, you want to save during the action, and when you reload later, you're
swamped and have to be hurriedly hitting the controls to catch up.

Picture #6: Monks. What weapon do they have? Not much to look at here....

Picture #7: Dead Monks. Actually, looks like you got binoculars. I wonder how
that's implemented...

Picture #8: No, this isn't God mode, this is looks at guys from a ledge.
Notice the sky? Looks like this game has more than 3 skies.

Picture #9: Lotta dudes around, but now there are 4-story buildings!

Picture #10: You must want that key baaaad. You blow out two walls, crack open
a window, and kill a guard to get a little key sitting on a little pedestal.
That looks like the firebomb's work. :)

Picture #11: You just shot either a fire- something or a missile. But what are
those things on the ceiling? Another hazard? I can see it now. You walk under
it, and suddenly it smashes you flat as a dime! This is just my guess of what
it is. If it actually IS that, I didn't put it there.

Picture #12: Night.........the FINAL battle. Nope, this is not the final level
(and again, if it is, I would be VERY surprised at being so accurate in my
guesses), but imagine hunting down your opponent in a nighttime level. :)

Picture #13: FIREBOMB!!!!(again, my guess) It looks like it could cause some
damage. :)

Picture #14: Alone in a cooridor. Suddenly you hear footsteps. A guard comes
patrolling down the hall. You whip out your pistol and......

Picture #15: Wow. What a view. Looks like a bowl of mush on the floor. Is it
health? Is it edible? Is it alive? We'll see when the game comes out.

Picture #16: A knife!!! Looks better than the one in Wolf. Do you get to cut
ropes? That would be cool....

Picture #17: Rylan "Two-Gun" Hilman vs. Hank "The DOOMER" Leukart over IHHD!!
(not really, but I would hope it would be possible after/if we get registered)
You notice that the picture in the upper-left hand corner is the same as the
face on the remote player. I wonder if they have the same body for each
character, or have a totally unique one for each face...

Picture #1: You ever get that creepy Deja Vu feeling?

Picture #2: Ditto

By now, the person hits Esc to end this, and gets the ending screen:

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                            |
|                   Coming October 1994 by Apogee Software                   |
|                                                                            |
|                                                                            |
|                 RISE OF THE TRIAD - (c) 1994 Apogee Software               |
|                                                                            |
|                 FOR ONLY $34.95 YOU WILL GET THE FOLLOWING:                |
|                                                                            |
|      o 32 huge levels, each four times o Violence level adjustment         |
|        the size of Wolfenstein levels! o Over 20 MEGS uncompressed!        |
|      o Parallaxing sky, look up/dn,    o Modem play + 20 different         |
|        fog, light diminishing/sourcing   "Battle levels" + level editor    |
|      o 8 channel sound effects         o Random level generator, also!     |
|      o Supports the GUS, PAS 16, Adlib o Digitized characters              |
|        Sound Blaster, Roland, and more o Nine wicked weapons               |
|      o Jump pads to fly in the air!    o The largest shareware to date!    |
|                                                                            |
|      Requires: 80386+, soundcard highly recommended, VGA graphics card.    |
|                                                                            |
|       Available: October, 1994.  Call (800) GAME-123, 24 hours a day!      |
|                                                                            |
|         Read the file "TRIAD.DOC" for more details about this game!        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

 Of course.....this FAQ has the info plus more. :) 32 levels 4x wolfenstein
size? Is that in raw data size, or map size, or total floor space? No wonder
it's so big. It's got more levels than Doom! Less complex(no non-right-angle
walls), so they should be able to pack in more. 10 megs for graphics, 4 for
sounds, that leaves 6+ for executables, levels, and etc.


 - Chapter 3

+==========+
|Conclusion|
+==========+

--

    {3-1} - Author's note


  The conclusion of my first FAQ. How momentous. :) Oh well. Please remember
that some of this is from the TRIAD.DOC in the slide show, some of it is from
Joe Siegler(of Apogee Software), some of it is from assorted sources, and some
is from my own imagination. I don't think that this is 100% accurate, but I'm
close. :)

--


    {3-2} - Contributions


  Well, since the game isn't even OUT yet, so I can't take contributions like
Hank can. But, if you happen to notice any spelling, punctuation, or any other
form of mistake or anything, send your notice to rhi...@oasis.rain.com(NOT
hil...@ichips.intel.com, the address this FAQ is being sent with, my dad's)
(ALL NITPICKERS UNITE!) If you have any important info you think should be in
here, also tell me. And, if you're with Apogee, send me any info and I'll
accept it. :)
  BTW, this Faq-writing hobby is a non-profit organization.

--

    {3-3} - Version Info


1.0 - First version, finished 9 August 1994