                               WOLF CREATOR! (tm)
                       A Wolfenstein 3D Mission Generator

                        A Product of... Infinite Carnage


Concept and Programming ¯ Alan Hemphill

Additional Programming ¯ Chris New

Test Team ¯ Chris New, Garry Jones, Paul Tae, Larry Rayner

While every effort has been made to insure that the information provided here
is accurate, this information is sold without warranty either expressed or
implied.

This document and the product it describes are copyrighted materials.  All
rights reserved.  No part of this book or the software may be reproduced in any
form without prior written consent from Apogee Software.

This software is protected by federal and international copyright.

Copyright * 1994 Infinite Carnage
Wolfenstein 3D is a trademark of Id Software, Inc. All rights reserved.


INTRODUCTION
============
Wolf Creator! is a program that generates great NEW missions for Id's fantastic
3D action game - Wolfenstein 3D!!!

Wolf Creator! will create an entire 6 episode game in about two minutes on a
486/33!!! Wolf Creator! lets you decide how YOU want to play!  Like tons of
ammo?  No problem!  How about a dozen Bosses on a single level - now you've got
it!!!

PREREQUISITES
=============
You must have a copy of the full 6 episode registered version of Wolfenstein 3D
for Wolf Creator! to create missions.

MEMORY REQUIREMENTS
===================
Before starting the program - insure that you have at least 550K of free
conventional memory.  If you can play Wolfenstein 3D without memory problems,
then you can run this program!

DIRECTORIES
===========
Wolf Creator can be run from any directory!

By default, Wolf Creator assumes that it will be in a sub-directory under the
registered Wolfenstein 3D software.  If you want to run Wolf Creator from a
different sub-directory, simply edit the directory name in the file
WOLFGAME.DIR to tell Wolf Creator where the registered Wolfenstein 3D software
is.  The floor maps will be stored in the Wolf Creator directory.

ORIGINAL FLOORS
===============
Wolf Creator! saves the original floors.  To return to the original floors that
you received with your registered Wolfenstein 3D game, simply type:

	FIXWOLF


SOUND (optional)
================
If you have a SOUND BLASTER, SOUND BLASTER PRO or SOUND BLASTER 16 sound card,
and you install the Sound Blaster FM driver SBFMDRV, Wolf Creator! will play
music when you run it.

The driver is a file named SBFMDRV.COM and should be in your \SB, \SBPRO or
\SB16 directory.  If you have a Sound Blaster Pro or 16, the file will be in
your \SBPRO or \SB16 directory - in this case substitute the appropriate
directory for \SB" in the following commands.

To install the driver, simply enter the command:

	\SB\SBFMDRV

You can add the above line to you autoexec.bat file if you want to have the
driver installed automatically when you turn on your PC.

Although it isn't necessary to remove the driver, you can do so with the
following command:

	\SB\SBFMDRV /u

The program also plays digital sounds!

RUNNING THE PROGRAM
===================
To start Wolf Creator!, enter the command:

         WOLFGAME

After displaying an Introduction screens, the program displays the MAIN SCREEN
where to can set the difficulty then click on the CREATE LEVELS button to
create the new game.

After you've created a new game, simply start Wolf3D with the usual command:

	WOLF3D

RODENTS!
========
Wolf Creator! is easiest to use if you have a Microsoft compatible mouse.  If
you don't have one you can still use the keyboard to create levels - but you
won't be able to adjust the custom settings.

To the right of each screen there are several buttons.  Clicking on these
buttons will allow you to exit the program, change screens, pause/resume the
program or start the creation of the missions.

Settings control how difficult the floors will be and how much ammo, etc. will
be placed on each level.  You can alter the settings by clicking on the YELLOW
up and down buttons.

THE MAIN SCREEN
===============
The MAIN SCREEN provides an easy way to alter the difficulty of the game with a
single control.  All you have to do is adjust the difficulty setting (if
desired), then click on the OK button!

The first time you run the Wolf Creator!, the difficulty setting is set to
(roughly) about the same difficulty as the original game.  If you would like to
create easier levels, lower the DIFFICULTY setting - for harder levels,
increase the difficulty setting.

The difficulty range is VERY wide!  At the lowest setting, you will be running
around the floors alone - no guards, no dogs, no one!  At the highest setting
you could have almost 100 guards and 30 HUGE guards!  Hey, that's tough even in
GOD mode!!!

Once you've adjusted the difficulty level, click on the "CREATE LEVELS" button,
the program will display the CREATION SCREEN and start creating the levels.

When you use the quick DIFFICULTY setting on the MAIN SCREEN - the program
actually adjusts the other settings automatically.  So, don't adjust the
DIFFICULTY setting if you are using the CUSTOM settings - your changes will be
overridden.

THE CUSTOM SETTINGS SCREEN
==========================
If you want to "fine tune" the levels to your preference click on the "CUSTOM
SETTINGS" button from the MAIN SCREEN.

Set the SMALL actor setting at the difficulty level you want.  There is a
maximum of 125 small actors per floor; less the number of HUGE guards (Bosses)
selected.

Set the HUGE actor setting.  The maximum number of HUGE guards is 30!  BOSSES
like lots of room, so you may have to reduce the number of small guards to fit
30 BOSSES on a single floor!

Likewise, set the health and ammo settings.

THE CREATION SCREEN
===================
The creation screen lets you see what floor is currently being created, how big
it is, how many areas have been created, the number of guards, etc.

The buttons provide options that allow you to return to the main or custom
settings screens to modify the settings.  Note that when you start creating
levels again - the program starts back at the first level.

The program is very fast - so if you really want to view some of the
information on the screen, use the pause button.

Clicking on the pause button a second time resumes the creation of levels.

COMMAND LINE OPTIONS
====================
All of the program features - except those in the advanced configuration - can
be specified on the command line.

Here are the options available:

?	Help!
help	Help!
-h	Help!
-c:#	Set the Number of .CMF 
	Files to Play
-d:#	Set Difficulty (1 to 100)
-i	Don't Display Intro or 
	Credits Screens
-p	Don't Pause
	(Starts Creating Game
	Immediately)
-q	Quiet Mode
	(Won't Play Music)
-1	Create 1 Episode
-2	Create 2 Episodes
-3	Create 3 Episodes
-4	Create 4 Episodes
-5	Create 5 Episodes
-6	Create 6 Episodes


HELP!
=====
You can display the options on your screen using the "?", "help" or "-h"
options.  For example,

	wolfgame ?

MUSIC
=====
The program has been released with 16 sample music files named 1.CMF to 16.CMF.
You can add or delete .CMF files - but you must always name the files
sequentially and you must tell the program the highest number .CMF file you are
using.

For example, if you wanted to add 4 new .CMF files, you would first name them
17.CMF, 18.CMF, 19.CMF and 20.CMF.  Then the next time you start Wolf Creator!,
you would enter the highest .CMF file number on the command line:

	wolfgame -c:20

You only have to do this the first time you run the program after you change
the number of .CMF files.  The program will remember the new setting from then
on.

Most bulletin boards have a large selection of .CMF files - so you add as many
new music files to the program as you like or change them to suit your taste!

DIFFICULTY
==========
You can also specify how tough you want the levels to be using the difficulty
option.  For example, the following sets the difficulty to 55 (out of 100):

	wolfgame -d:55

As with most settings - it is only necessary to do this once - the next time
you run the program it will remember the last setting you used!

SKIP INTRODUCTION
=================
You can bypass the Introduction screens with the -i command line option.

DON'T PAUSE
===========
The -p option tells Wolf Creator! to start creating levels immediately without
waiting for user input.

The -p flag also skips the introduction screens - so you don't have to enter
both flags.  Here's the command:

	wolfgame -p

If you don't have a Microsoft compatible mouse - you'll want to run the program
from the command line using the -p option.  In this case, you can adjust the
difficulty using the -d option.  For example, to run the program from the
command line with a difficulty of 45% - the command would be:

	wolfgame -p -d:45

QUIET!
======
If you don't want the program to play music, start it up in QUIET MODE, using
the -q option.

SELECT THE NUMBER OF EPISODES!
==============================
Wolf Creator! will always create a full 6 episodes unless you specify that it
create less with the command line options -1 to -5.  For example, to create
three episodes, start the program with:

	wolfgame -3

COMBINING OPTIONS
=================
When combining several options, use spaces between them.  For example, to
create levels with a difficulty of 63 without pausing and no sound, the command
would be:

	wolfgame -d:63 -p -q

SAVED SETTINGS
==============
After you run Wolf Creator!, it saves the current settings. Once you set the
program up to generate levels the way you like them - you'll be able to simply
click on the OK button - or start the program from the command line directly
using the -p option.

PRINT OUT THE MAPS!
===================
Wolf Creator! produces printable text file maps as it creates the game floors.
The files are named FLOORnn.MAP, where "nn" is the floor number.  For example,
the filename for the text file map for floor 3 is FLOOR03.MAP.

The maps are created using characters that look correct while viewing the text
file on the screen.  If you get strange characters on your printer, select a
different symbol set.  Your printer manual will describe how to do this.


GOLD AND BLUE KEYS
==================
In the original Wolfenstein 3D episodes you first find the BLUE key - then
later you find the GOLD key before you can exit the level.  At the end of an
episode you have to get the GOLD key from a HUGE guard!

On Wolf Creator! floors - you can have multiple HUGE guards on every floor!
Since there can be so many HUGE guards you could have the gold key shortly
after starting a floor.  The keys are reversed - so you'll need the BLUE key
to finally exit the level!

PUSHWALLS
=========
Like the original levels, pushwalls are used to hide secret areas that may
contain extra health or ammo - or perhaps an elevator to a secret level!

Secret "doors" may also be installed in walls that are in the middle of a room
or area.  These pushwalls can be used to your advantage when playing; use them!

RUN LIKE HELL!!!
================
If you think this sounds like a wimp technique, perhaps you haven't run the
Wolf Creator! yet!!! Sometimes things get downright deadly with so many BOSSES
waiting to put you in a body bag!  After a few hundred levels, you're sure to
be using this technique!  Sometimes you can get in a tight spot that you just
can't fight your way out of!

Perhaps your health or ammo is too low -- or you have two or more huge guards
to contend with.  It may seem impossible but, with luck (and the "RUN" key!)
you can often make it past a huge guard and get to another area where you can
regain your strength and ammo - then go back and dust 'em!

Enjoy!!!
